docs: term clarifications in md files (#30926)
expo/expo: CONTRIBUTING.md

> 💡 How does `bare-expo` relate to `test-suite`?
>

> > `bare-expo` is a bare RN app that links all of the Expo SDK dependencies in the `packages/` directory in order to be able to run projects in the `apps/` directory. It currently only runs `test-suite` which is an Expo app with some custom code to turn it into a test runner. If you run `expo start` in the `test-suite` directory you can load the project in Expo Go. `bare-expo` imports the `test-suite` app root component and uses it as its own root component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `bare-expo` is a bare React Native app that links all of the Expo SDK dependencies in the `packages/` directory in order to be able to run projects in the `apps/` directory. It currently only runs `test-suite` which is an Expo app with some custom code to turn it into a test runner. If you run `expo start` in the `test-suite` directory you can load the project in Expo Go. `bare-expo` imports the `test-suite` app root component and uses it as its own root component.
```

Nit, avoid abbreviations.

> > `bare-expo` is a bare React Native app that links all of the Expo SDK dependencies in the `packages/` directory in order to be able to run projects in the `apps/` directory. It currently only runs `test-suite` which is an Expo app with some custom code to turn it into a test runner. If you run `expo start` in the `test-suite` directory you can load the project in Expo Go. `bare-expo` imports the `test-suite` app root component and uses it as its own root component.

Reviewer 2: It's not only `test-suite` – `bare-expo` runs both `test-suite` and `native-component-list`.

Author: updated
